.TH WESTON-DEBUG 1 "2017-08-02" "Weston __version__"
.SH NAME
weston-debug \- a tool for getting debug messages from compositor.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B weston-debug [options] [names]
.
.\" ***************************************************************
.SH DESCRIPTION

.B weston-debug
is a debugging tool which uses weston_debug_v1 interface to get the
debug messages from the compositor. The debug messages are categorized into different
debug streams by the compositor (example: logs, proto, list, etc.,) and the compositor
requires a file descriptor to stream the messages.

This tool accepts a file name or a file desciptor (not both) and any desired debug stream
names from the user as command line arguments and subscribes the desired streams from the
compositor by using the zcompositor_debug_v1 interface. After the subscription, the
compositor will start to write the debug messages to the shared file descriptor.

If no file name or file descriptor argument is given, the tool will use the stdout file
descriptor. If no debug stream name argument is given, the tool will use the the name "list"
which results the names of all the supported debug streams by the compositor.

.
.\" ***************************************************************
.SH OPTIONS
.
.B weston-debug
accepts the following command line options.
.TP
. B \-h, \-\-help
Print the help text and exit with success.
.TP
. B \-o FILE, \-\-output FILE
Direct output to file named FILE. Use - for stdout.
Stdout is the default. Mutually exclusive with -f.
.TP
. B \-f FD, \-\-outfd FD
Direct output to the file descriptor FD.
Stdout (1) is the default. Mutually exclusive with -o.
.TP
.B [names]
Names are whatever debug stream names the compositor supports. If none
are given, the name "list" is used, to which the compositor should reply
with a list of all supported names.
